README.md, before:

FoxNode - a NodeJS library for interacting with FoxBoard hardware
=================================================================

FoxNode is composed of two related items:

-  acme.gpio: a [GPIO](http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/gpio.txt) access library for NodeJS, with user space interrupt support
-  acme.daisy: to simplify usage of Daisy5 and Daisy11 with NodeJS, built on top of acme.gpio

The API for GPIO
----------------

First step, create a new GPIO pin object:

        var pin = new GPIO(name,direction,value);

where

- <code>name</code> is any of the Fox/Daisy connectors, i.e. J6.X, J7.X, D1.X, ..., D8.X,
  or a kernel id number
- <code>direction</code> is one of "in" or "out"
- <code>value</code> can be 0 or 1

Direction and value can be read and changed after initialization
with the following methods:

        pin.direction()           # get
        pin.direction(direction)  # set

        pin.value()               # get
        pin.value(value)          # set

Upon creation, the pin initializes the underlying
hardware in order to react to state changes via 
interrupts. NodeJS is informed of such changes
using a 'data' event, that can be used like this:

        pin.on('data',function(data){
          console.log(
            'Pin:   '+data.name +', '+
            'Value: '+data.value+', '+
            'Count: '+data.count
          );
        });

There is also a read-only property

        pin.count

representing the number of value changes since
pin instantiation.

It is possible to stop the event generation with

        pin.pause();

and to restart it afterwards with

        pin.resume();

The API for Daisy5
------------------

In order to instantiate a new Daisy5, the code is

        var daisy5 = new acme.daisy.Daisy5(port);

where <code>port</code> is one of 'D2' or 'D5'.

Daisy5 is configured as 8 input pins, readable as

        daisy5.P1
        daisy5.P2
        ...
        daisy5.P8

Whenever one of the buttons changes state, the object
will emit a 'data' event:

        daisy5.on('data',function(data){
          console.log(
            'Port:   '+data.port+', '+
            'Button: '+data.button+', '+
            'Value:  '+data.value+', '+
            'Count:  '+data.count
          );
        });


The API for Daisy11
-------------------

In order to instantiate a new Daisy11, the code is

        var daisy11 = new acme.daisy.Daisy11(port);

where <code>port</code> is one of 'D2' or 'D5'.

Daisy11 is configured as 8 output pins, readable and
writable as

        daisy11.L1
        daisy11.L2
        ...
        daisy11.L8

Whenever one of the leds changes state, the object
will emit a 'data' event:

        daisy11.on('data',function(data){
          console.log(
            'Port:  '+data.port+', '+
            'Led:   '+data.led+', '+
            'Value: '+data.value+', '+
            'Count: '+data.count
          );
        });

Commit message:

added state() to Daisy API, modified example and docs

README.md, after:

FoxNode - a NodeJS library for interacting with FoxBoard hardware
=================================================================

FoxNode is composed of two related items:

-  acme.gpio: a [GPIO](http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/gpio.txt) access library for NodeJS, with user space interrupt support
-  acme.daisy: to simplify usage of Daisy5 and Daisy11 with NodeJS, built on top of acme.gpio

The API for GPIO
----------------

First step, create a new GPIO pin object:

        var pin = new GPIO(name,direction,value);

where

- <code>name</code> is any of the Fox/Daisy connectors, i.e. J6.X, J7.X, D1.X, ..., D8.X,
  or a kernel id number
- <code>direction</code> is one of "in" or "out"
- <code>value</code> can be 0 or 1

Direction and value can be read and changed after initialization
with the following methods:

        pin.direction()           # get
        pin.direction(direction)  # set

        pin.value()               # get
        pin.value(value)          # set

Upon creation, the pin initializes the underlying
hardware in order to react to state changes via 
interrupts. NodeJS is informed of such changes
using a 'data' event, that can be used like this:

        pin.on('data',function(data){
          console.log(
            'Pin:   '+data.name +', '+
            'Value: '+data.value+', '+
            'Count: '+data.count
          );
        });

There is also a read-only property

        pin.count

representing the number of value changes since
pin instantiation.

It is possible to stop the event generation with

        pin.pause();

and to restart it afterwards with

        pin.resume();

The API for Daisy5
------------------

In order to instantiate a new Daisy5, the code is

        var daisy5 = new acme.daisy.Daisy5(port);

where <code>port</code> is one of 'D2' or 'D5'.

Daisy5 is configured as 8 input pins, readable as

        daisy5.P1
        daisy5.P2
        ...
        daisy5.P8

and also as

        daisy5.state(btn)

where btn is one of 'P1' ... 'P8'.

Whenever one of the buttons changes state, the object
will emit a 'data' event:

        daisy5.on('data',function(data){
          console.log(
            'Port:   '+data.port+', '+
            'Button: '+data.button+', '+
            'Value:  '+data.value+', '+
            'Count:  '+data.count
          );
        });


The API for Daisy11
-------------------

In order to instantiate a new Daisy11, the code is

        var daisy11 = new acme.daisy.Daisy11(port);

where <code>port</code> is one of 'D2' or 'D5'.

Daisy11 is configured as 8 output pins, readable and
writable as

        daisy11.L1
        daisy11.L2
        ...
        daisy11.L8

and also as

        daisy11.state(led)
        daisy11.state(led,value)

where led is one of 'L1' ... 'L8'.

Whenever one of the leds changes state, the object
will emit a 'data' event:

        daisy11.on('data',function(data){
          console.log(
            'Port:  '+data.port+', '+
            'Led:   '+data.led+', '+
            'Value: '+data.value+', '+
            'Count: '+data.count
          );
        });
